Update containers (#41)
GenomicDataInfrastructure/starter-kit-storage-and-interfaces: config/TLS-example/README.md

# TLS example

> This folder contains example files that can be used as a base when deploying a more `production like` setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This folder contains example files that can be used as a base when the setup requires TLS enabled in the deployment.
```

**Note** this is not usable as is, manual intervention is required.

## Configuration example

### config.yaml file

In the `config.yaml` the following entries must be set:

```yaml
archive:

>     s3url:

Reviewer 2: this is `url` in the config.yaml

session:
    domain:

s3inbox:
```

The `config.yaml` contains comments to help setting the correct value

### env file

The following entries in the env file needs to be set:

- `C4GH_KEYPATH`: path to the crypt4gh private key.
- `rabbitmq_MQ_PASSWORD`: admin password to the RabbitMQ server
- `rabbitmq_MQ_USER`: username for the RabbitMQ admin
- `postgres_POSTGRES_PASSWORD`: password for the `postgres` user

After which the file needs to be renamed with a dot prefix (`.env`)

#### service credentials

These credentials can be created manually in Postgres/RabbitMQ, or with the use of the `make_credentials` script once the RabbitMQ and Postgres containers are running. The usernames should be the same as the `container_name` in the docker-compose file

##### RabbitMQ

- finalize_BROKER_PASSWORD
- ingest_BROKER_PASSWORD
- mapper_BROKER_PASSWORD
- verify_BROKER_PASSWORD
- inbox_BROKER_PASSWORD

##### Postgres

- download_DB_PASSWORD
- finalize_DB_PASSWORD
- ingest_DB_PASSWORD
- mapper_DB_PASSWORD
- verify_DB_PASSWORD
- inbox_DB_PASSWORD

### iss.json file

In the `iss.json` file a block for the publicly available endpoint for REMS should to be added.

### certificates

> All containers except `auth` needs certificates with DNS entries matching the `container_name` in the docker-compose file.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All containers except `auth` need certificates with DNS entries matching the `container_name` in the docker-compose file.  
```

These certificate files should adhere to the [cert-manager](https://cert-manager.io/) naming convention (tls.crt, tls.key, ca.crt).

> The following containers also needs external certificates generated by a public CA like [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following containers also need external certificates generated by a public CA like [Let's Encrypt](https://letsencrypt.org/):
```

- Auth
- Download
- S3inbox

These certificate files should adhere to Let's Encrypts naming schema (fullchain.pem, privkey.pem).

All certificates for a service should be placed in a folder with the same name as the `container_name` and be placed next to the docker-compose file.  

> Permissions for the private key needs to be set at `0400` and the owner set as shown below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Permissions for the private key need to be set at `0400` and the owner set as shown below:
```

- rabbitmq - `100:101`
- postgres - `70:70`
- all others - `65534:65534`

> If automatic certificate rotation is done through cron it is easier to set the owner to root and group based on the service with the permissions to `0640` for all files in each folder.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If automatic certificate rotation is done through cron it is easier to set the owner to root and group based on the service, with the permissions to `0640` for all files in each folder.
```

- rabbitmq - `0:101`
- postgres - `0:70`
- all others - `0:65534`

## Bootstrapping

> First The RabbitMQ and Postgres servers needs to be started.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First the RabbitMQ and Postgres servers need to be started.
```

```cmd
docker compose up -d postgres rabbitmq
```

> When they are running with status `healthy` credentials for the services can be created, either manually or by executing the `make_credentials` script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When they are running with status `healthy`, the credentials for the services can be created, either manually or by executing the `make_credentials` script.
```
